# Cyber - A distribute asynchronous socket framework of PythonCyber is a distribute async socket framework based on Python asyncore.dispatcher.### InstallationInstall Kiwi from source:    $ git clone git://github.com/papaya-eng/cyber.git    $ cd cyber    $ python setup.py install### Basic usageTo use this framework, you need to inherit Server, Client. And define your own protocol for communication.### Samples#### EchoServerFirst let's define the echo protocol:    class EchoProtocol(Protocol):        def __init__(self, *sub, **kw):            super(EchoProtocol, self).__init__(*sub, **kw)        def pack_data(self, msg):            data = "%s\n"%msg            return data        def parse_data(self, readbuffer):            offset = readbuffer.find('\n')            if offset == -1:                return None            request = readbuffer[:offset]            return request.strip(), offset+1The socket read_buffer will be pass to method `parse_data`, which will unpack one package from buffer. The method is suppose to return a tuple (package, offset), in which `package` is the unpacked package and `offset` identify the offset of unparsed buffer. `pack_data` is used to pack source to protocol package.Then we need to define our own `EchoClient`:    class EchoClient(Client):        def on_close(self):            passSince nothing need to be handled before close a connection, so we can just pass it. `echo_handler` is the main handler of server.    def echo_handler(client, request):        client.send_command(request)The `echo_handler` have two parameters. `client` is the connection client, who have a method `send_command` to send data to remote client.At last we need to implement an `EchoServer`:    class EchoServer(Server):        def __init__(self, protocol, client_cls):            super(EchoServer, self).__init__(protocol=protocol, client_cls=client_cls)        def impl(self, conf):            self.server_id = conf.server_id            self.port = conf.sock_port            self.pool_size = conf.pool_size            self.dead = False            self.idle_time = conf.idle_time            self.backlog = conf.backlog            self.request_handler = echo_handler        def on_stop(self):            passTo init a Cyber server need two arguments, first is the protocol instance, second is the client class. And the `impl` method is for setup server env. `server_id` id the unique id of server. `port` is the server listen port. `backlog` it the parameter of socket backlog. The Cyber is using multi threading handle request, so `pool_size` is the size of threading pool. `idel_time` identify how many seconds a client will be kicked. And `request_handler` is the function handle request from client.After all, we can start echo server very easily:    options.server_id = random.randint(1, 100)    options.sock_port = 1234    options.pool_size = 20    options.idle_time = 60    options.backlog = 5    echo_server = EchoServer(EchoProtocol(), EchoClient)    echo_server.impl(options)    echo_server.run()#### ChatServerChatServer is a distribute chat server. The source is under ./samples/chatserver/.As this ChatServer support multi server, to handle communication between servers, we need a broadcast server, which defined in broadcast.py. We also write to server listen separate port defined in chat1.yaml and chat2.yaml. To start the ChatServer first we need to start broadcast server:    $ python broadcast.py     start broadcast server listen 8888Then starting to server:    $ python server1.py     SocketServer listen on port 1234 (backlog: 20)    Listening port 1234    Server server_id: 1    $ python server2.py     SocketServer listen on port 1235 (backlog: 20)    Listening port 1235    Server server_id: 2After these step we can test it:In `screen 1` , we telnet chat server1:    $ telnet 127.0.0.1 1234    Trying 127.0.0.1...    Connected to 127.0.0.1.    Escape character is '^]'.First, user need to login server with a user name, then user can send message to himself:    login,Calvin    You have login to Server(1), bind a Session(1109166156cb4463b3ad950dec045e7c)    send,Calvin,hello calvin    User (Calvin) says to you: "hello calvin"In `Screen 2`, user yan connect - login to server1 and say 'hi' to Calvin:    $ telnet 127.0.0.1 1234    Trying 127.0.0.1...    Connected to 127.0.0.1.    Escape character is '^]'.    login,Yan    You have login to Server(1), bind a Session(7e39cacb576a44be949d6d2fa19277c2)    send,Calvin,hiIn `Screen 1` Calvin will receive the message from Yan:    User (Yan) says to you: "hi"In `Screen 3`, user rocky connect - login to server2, and say 'hello' to Calvinand Yan:    $ telnet 127.0.0.1 1235    Trying 127.0.0.1...    Connected to 127.0.0.1.    Escape character is '^]'.    login,Rocky    You have login to Server(2), bind a Session(c17a3671c9d54a67894787480f281622)    send,Yan,hello Yan    send,Calvin,hello CalvinThen user Calvin and Yan will receive hello from Rocky in their own screen:    User (Rocky) says to you: "hello Calvin"    User (Rocky) says to you: "hello Yan"